---
title: Tiramisu
date: 2024-06-10 13:30:00 +0000
layout: post
categories: [Desserts]
---
## Ingredients
### LadyFingers	
#### Egg Yolk Mix
- [ ] 4 Egg yolks , 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
- [ ] 70g Caster Sugar
- [ ] 1 teaspoon Vanilla Extract

#### Egg White Mix
- [ ] 4 Egg whites
- [ ] 70g Caster Sugar
- [ ] 1 pinch Salt
- [ ] 95g Plain FLour

### Tiramisu
- [ ] 6 Eggs seperated (Pasterurized Preferably)
- [ ] 200g Caster Sugar
- [ ] 250g Mascarpone
- [ ] 250ml Double Cream
- [ ] 250ml Espresso Coffee
- [ ] 170ml Alcohol (Marsala Wine/Amaretto/Rum)
- [ ] 40 Lady Fingers
- [ ] Cocoa powder, for dusting
	


## Method
### Lady Fingers
1. Preheat oven to 180C.
2. Butter and line a baking sheet
3. Using an electric mixer whisk the egg yolks along with the first set of sugar and the vanilla. Set aside in a bowl
4. Using an electric mixer whisk the egg whites until it turns into soft peaks. Once they turn into stiff peaks, whisk in the salt and the second set of sugar until well combined, ensuring not to over mix.
5. Now gently fold the egg white mix into the egg yolk mix.
6. Sift the flour a little at a time into the egg mixture and fold in gently again.
7. Pour the mix into the baking sheet and cook for 12 minutes.
 
### Tiramisu
1. Whisk the egg yolks and sugar together with an electric whisk. 
2. Mix the mascarpone into the egg.
3. In a separate bowl, whip the double cream until soft peaks form. 
4. Fold the whipped cream into the mascarpone, egg and sugar mixture.
5. Whip the egg whites until soft peaks form in another bowl. 
6. Fold into the mascarpone, cream and egg mixture.
7. Mix the espresso and the alcohol together in a shallow bowl.
8. Dip a ladyfinger into the mixture quickly then place in the bottom of the dish. 
9. Spoon a third of the mascarpone, egg and cream mix on top.
10. Repeat until you finish off the top with the mixture and smooth over.
11. Dust with cocoa powder and then refrigerate.